FC-489: :speech_balloon: Enhance developer documentation (#1028)
LivePersonInc/developers-community: pages/Documents/DeveloperTools/LivePersonFunctions/getting-started.md

The **Logs** section is for analysing your functions' past invocations by searching through the logs you defined. [More information on logging your function can be found here](function-as-a-service-developing-with-faas-overview.html).

> The **Settings** section provides access to the available settings of Functions. Currently, users are able to whitelist domains, email reporting and maintain secrets (i.e. OAuth tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Settings** section provides access to the available settings of Functions. Currently, users are able to whitelist domains, set up email reporting and maintain secrets (e.g. OAuth tokens).
```

Author: updated

#### Function Layout and Framework

> Our runtime is built using NodeJS LTS (Long Term Support), which is currently NodeJs 12. Therefore, you have access to all functionality offered by NodeJS.

Reviewer 2: NodeJS

> If during the runtime of your application no error has occurred, you can provide a **null** value as error. After a **30** second timeout, your function will be killed immediately, regardless of its error state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If during the runtime of your application no error has occurred, you can provide a **null** value as error. After a **30** second timeout, your function's execution will be terminated immediately, regardless of its error state.
```

Author: updated
